it's a weight loss fat that's really
been getting attention in the past few
months the raspberry ketone diet the
nightbeat's Jim Bergamo explains whether
the science behind it actually lives up
to the hype it's the night special
assignment at the hike and bike trails
in downtown Austin it shouldn't come as
a surprise that most of the exercise
conscious central Texans we talk to are
well aware of the raspberry ketone diet
I just heard that raspberry is one of
the natural fat burning foods that you
can have everybody's looking for
something help in losing weight
especially belly fat and that's what
it's supposed to be focusing on
raspberry ketone is the natural compound
that produces the sweet smell of
raspberries but lately raspberry ketone
has become better known as a potent fat
burner studies show raspberry ketone
increases adiponectin a protein hormone
that has a correlation with body fat
percentage adiponectin is our friend we
want that too to be as high as possible
george rogers is a cardiologist with
Seton Heart Institute he says fat cells
tend to produce more adiponectin and
that's a good thing unfortunately as we
gain weight as our fat cells become fat
or so to speak or plumper adiponectin
levels go down Roger says the more we
can boost adiponectin the better off we
are and the most effective way to do
that is by losing weight raspberry
ketones may be able to help accomplish
that goal it seems to help in terms of
enhancing our ability to burn that fuel
that's trapped within our fat cells and
enhance that but Rodgers cautions
raspberry ketones by themselves are not
enough if you think that by taking it
daily drinking beers and eating buffalo
wings in front of the television is
going to make you lose weight you're
mistaken people coming in they expect
this magic pill or powder and that's
just not the the realistic part of it
you know you've got to include the diet
you've got to include the exercise to
see the results Charlie Hartwig the
owner of total nutrition says he drives
that point home by asking questions of
his customers who are looking for weight
loss products
we asked them what their goal is we
asked them what expectations they have
are they working out are they dieting
are the exercising and and these things
will contribute to us being able to
actually make a plan for them rather
than just walk them over to raspberry
ketones and tell them you know get this
product today doctors and nutrition
experts say when choosing a raspberry
ketone product there are some things you
should consider number one is it 100
percent pure in other words make sure
there are no extra ingredients fillers
or binders also they say does it have
the right dose per serving and is the
raspberry ketone extract real or
synthetic back at the hike and bike
trails we ran into people who are
considering trying raspberry ketones as
well as those who've been on the diet
for weeks even months opinions varied as
to whether the product is all that it
claims or if it's more hype than help
they still have to watch your diet and
exercise anyone you're not going to lose
it just because of a pill I've seen some
results to it yeah I've lost a couple
pounds and it's just something you have
to keep at I plus you know working out
and also in your food intake so I think
it does help out I feel like I have lost
a little bit of the belly fat the weight
is still there but this this is going
down that difference of opinion may be
due to the fact that doctors we spoke to
say there's been no research involving
humans and the effectiveness of the
raspberry ketone diet Jim Bergamo kV
News Nightbeat